group keyword: England pensioners

Age Concern Centre (cont) block:GB-528000-114000
We interviewed some members to see what they thought of the centre. They all enjoy it very much. The reason is that they get bored and lonely on their own. They like having people to talk to. Most pensioners go to the centre on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday because they get hot meals. Most of the people live near the centre. Those who don't, get voluntary drivers to take them to the centre. Many of the pensioners started coming because relitives had died and they were lonely. Visiting the centre added joy and excitement to their lives.

Visiting Old Peoples Homes block:GB-552000-189000
The people we visited in Old Peoples Homes seemed very happy and enjoyed living there.They liked it because they do not have to worry about paying bills and getting shopping.Most of them enjoyed talking,so they have plenty of company if they want it. We enjoyed talking and listening to them because they told us about home and school when they were young,and also about the war.Some of them told us about WW1 as well.Most old people spoil their children.Usually their relations visit them quite regularly. Some old people just sit around doing nothing,but a lot of them have hobbies.The things they enjoy most are knitting,gardening,playing cards,bingo reading the newspaper and magazines,crosswords,writing letters and watching T.V.

THE ELDERLY PEOPLE OF BOURNE block:GB-508000-318000
In the Bourne area the elderly people are well looked after as far as housing is concerned. WORTH COURT in Eastgate is a block of 38 flats for old people.A warden lives in the flats to help in time of need and there is a day room where the old people can meet to chat,to play cards and to have a sing-song. MEADOW CLOSE in Meadowgate contains flats and bungalows for old folk.DIGBY COURT in Christopher's Lane is an old people's home run by the local council. MANNING ROAD flats and bungalows were newly built in 1985.AUSTERBY bungalows built in 1985 are to be sold by the council to old age pensioners. BUTTERFIELD DAY CARE CENTRE opened in 1985-Run mainly by voluntary workers to help lonely old people to meet socially.

TO BE OLD IN BASSINGBOURN block:GB-532000-243000
The old people's homes are situated in Spring Lane. They provide a community for the aged. There is a meals on wheels service to feed those who can't get around or fear the outside world. Each year some of us visit the old people's centre to sing carols and share our Christmas happiness with them. The village has an Over 60's club where people go to play cards, talk and have a general get-together. Here are some ideas about being old. To be old is to be lonely,to live in fear of being mugged. Some depend on others, for work,food and play. They plead to their sons and daughters to bring their grandchildren to stay. They need love, care and attention in their last years of life. By Pamela Qualter (Age 11) 17 more homes for old people are now being built behind the infant school.

Hardy Rd. area. Our survey. block:GB-392000-228000
Most of the older men interviewed belonged to local clubs and societies such as the cricket club. Many of the elderly women belong to the St.Michael's Church society. It is rather sad to find that many of the elderly are lonely. There are a number of widowed people who live apart from their families. Although very independent, some elderly residents were nervous about going out alone, particuarly at night. There were few complaints about this area as a place to live and almost everyone agreed that they generally enjoyed living here.

Old peoples Ferrybridge (2) block:GB-444000-423000
Most old people didn't feel lonely because they had visitors,mainly relat ives,but some had comments like,I only feel lonely when I think of friends who've passed away.They sounded very sad when they told us their pets had died.Most people enjoy and like seeing children and said they didn't cause many problems.Most people spend their day cleaning and shopping. Two men make short wave broadcasts and listen to other countries.One makes working models of trams another plays the guitar.Knitting,jigsaws,bowls and walking are very popular hobbies.One person made us feel sad because all she does is sit in her chair all day and read books with big print.She finds it hard to hear what you say.11 people went out on some occasion & 1 person went out every day.Most people we questioned never went out at all.

