group keyword: England strike miner

MINERS' STRIKE 1984-85 block:GB-456000-411000
Most of the nation's coalminers were on strike for nearly a year to try to stop pit closures. We asked some people in Askern how the strike had affected them. Most people who we interviewed said that they wanted the strike to end. They wanted the strike to end because they had no money and no coal. Four out of fourteen said that they had made more friends and one person said that he had made more friends but had lost a few as well. A lot of people were affected by the strike because they had no money to go out or pay bills, buy sweets or biscuits. One person who did not want the miners' strike to end said that they should stop on to get a better deal, but he was not a miner and he was not affected as much as the miners.

MINERS STRIKE block:GB-464000-333000
During the miners strike my dad was one of the miners who were on strike. Some days he went to the picket line to try to stop other miners from going in to work. Some days he goes to meetings or on a long march. Every week he got some money from the union. My mother also went to meetings. The union took me and my brother on holiday to Wales with some other boys whose dads were on strike. When the strike was over we were pleased but we agreed with my dad. Some nights we go swimming and other nights we go to judo.

MINERS STRIKE block:GB-464000-333000
I haven't got a dad so he couldn't be on strike or not but every day we heard a lot about the strike on television and in the papers. One day the television cameras came to Cotgrave and a big meeting was held in the Welfare Hall. The striking miners and the ones at work were on the television and had an argument. They could never agree. My grandmother gets free coal from the pit because her husband was a miner. One night most of her coal was stolen by striking miners who had no coal. The next day she told the police but they could not find the coal.The strike went on for over a year.


MINERS STRIKE block:GB-464000-333000
During the pit strike my dad was working every day. He went to work, you can be sure there were pickets there.They were always shouting scab and throwing things at the car. My mum and dad were getting tired of the pit strike. The strike was on the television everyda It was getting boring; bulletins about people being injured in the streets, people falling out and beating each other up and calling each other names. This is what happens during the strike: my mother got up when my dad went to work, my dad told my mother to keep a stick with her. We got phone calls from striking miners threatening us and my mum told me to keep a look out for strikers' vans and I was told that if anyone asked me what my dad did I was to say he was a butcher and then walk away.


Local News. block:GB-464000-411000
In Stainforth the loss of work is increasing. Thornhills Frozen Chicken Factory has been closed down. Some shops have been closed during the miners strike,(1984/85) because of all the vandalism. The Miners Welfare has been helping the miners on strike by giving food to them every Saturday. There have also been soup kitchens everyday. In Kingsway they are remodernising houses.They are building houses at the back of New Park Estate.There are some houses being built near Holmes Gardens and roads are being dug up by the old chicken factory.


The 1984-5 Miners strike. block:GB-432000-399000
The year of the strike was a very miserable one for me as a miners son.At first it did not affect me much,but as it dragged on the whole family was affected.I did not get any pocket money and had to earn 'spending money' by collecting poor quality coal from old colliery slagheaps.I used to go 'coal-picking',as this was called,every Saturday.As money got short we were given free food which we collected from the Miners Welfare. During the winter it was very cold in our house.We burnt coal which my dad and I picked,and wood from the local woods.Now the strike is over we are still paying off bills which we could not pay then.

