group keyword: Scotland vandalism

1.SOCIAL CONCERN block:GB-308000-687000
Vandalism in Dunfermline is becoming more prevalent every day. For instance, the new bus station which opened early this year has already had two and a half thousand pounds worth of damage done to it. In the Public Park, swings have been wound round the top bar, the chutes and roundabouts have graffiti everywhere and other playthings have been broken or damaged. Flower beds which are carefully looked after by gardiners are trampled on and overturned by careless people. Dogs being allowed to run loose cause another problem. Toilets in the Glen and Park have been damaged and written on so much that the Council sometimes have to close them down. Public shelters are vandalised and visitors can be put off by the graffiti and mess.

2.Crownest Park block:GB-284000-681000
It should be a Social Concern that the lido or Crownest Park, in the centre of Stenhousemuir has been allowed to become a victim of Vandalism . It always has been vandalised -as it was in its very beginning when the children played in the snad stores of Carron Iron Works. But the vandalism today has reached a point where local children no longer find as much pleasure from it. Some swings are split down the middle, the tennis courts have broken glass all over them, the pond is polluted with litter, oil drums, trolleys. When asked by why the Lido was so polluted the Park Keeper said that the people used the place as a Rubbish Dump , that the chutes, trampolines and putting green were removed because of incessant vandalism but the boats and the football pitch are in good order.

3.Vandalism block:GB-316000-567000
Most children in Annan are usually moaning about having nothing to do. There are a few parks but most of them are unsafe or have been vandalised. Vandalism was the subject of a meeting called by our school chaplain, the Rev. Ferguson. The amount of vandalism in Annan is terrible. The toilets by the bus station are disgraceful. Hard luck for visitors wanting the toilet when they get off the bus. Many walls are covered in slogans written with spray and pen that doesn't wipe off. Derelict buildings soon have their windows broken and litter lies about the street waiting to be cleaned up by the road sweeper on his rounds. Most people who live here think that Annan has a place in the vandalism stakes.

4.Vandalism block:GB-304000-687000
Vandalism is still common in this area, especially in the parks and bus shelters. The most common piece of vandalism is graffiti, but damage is also quite common, like ripping up bushes out of people’s gardens. Older children and teenagers are usually the biggest vandals in the area that is the reason why many of the parks are affected and our school playground sometimes has smashed bottles in it. <br /> Milesmark Primary School

5.VANDALISM PAISLEY block:GB-248000-660000
In some part of our area vandalism is a big problem.Youths smash telephone boxes,windows and spray graffiti over walls and pavements. Jenny's Well Road is a popular haunt for these people. The police have caught several youths spraying graffiti there and they have been fined.There is an old abandoned railway line which used to carry trains from Glasgow to Gourock which is now popular among glue-sniffers. They spray the area around the line with graffiti.A tunnel under which the railway used to run is covered with graffiti. Other derelict buildings have been given the same treatment for example the old mill which was closed because asbestos was found in the building.The youths probably do these things because they have nothing to occupy their spare time.

6.Vandalism in Ballingry block:GB-316000-696000
There is a very high incidence of VANDALISM in Ballingry. There isn't a public telephone in use. GRAFFITI is sprayed and painted over walls by thoughtless and inconsiderate people, and lamp-posts are damaged. Vandalism is closing down shops because windows are broken and shop-keepers cannot afford to replace them. The store (CO-OP) windows have been boarded up. Some teenagers hang about the chip shop waiting till nightfall to destroy other people's property. In the park they damage the swings and chutes and deface them with paint. The Council has to board up empty houses because mindless vandals break the windows. At one time, people may have tried to deter them, but they have just given up and now there is evidence of vandalism everywhere. Louise, Adele, Tony, Gordon, Nicola.

VANDALISM block:GB-304000-687000
Vandalism is common in this area especially in play parks and public toilets.The most common piece of vandalism is graffiti.This is rude in some ways and silly in others. Vandalism isn't only silly writing but it is also ruining our district-For instance,ripping up flowers and pulling out young trees when they are newly planted. Teenagers are often the worst for vandalism because they think it is smart. The worst piece of vandalism is smashed bottles because someone might slip and hurt themselves. At our school we sometimes get the windows smashed and broken glass is left lying all over the playground. This is dangerous and could cause accidents.

