group keyword: Scotland peterhead

FISH SELLING block:GB-408000-846000
Our group visited John Brown's Fish Selling Office and interviewed Alexander Strachan,the manager.In the summer,Peterhead Harbour is used by roughly 400 boats from Peterhead, Buckie, Fraserburgh, Macduff, and Lossiemouth.John Brown's Fish Selling Office is used by 20 Peterhead boats and 15 boats from other ports.After the fish is landed it is sorted into different blocks;Cod, Haddock and one for the others.There are also 3 buyers working for each firm,1 for each category.They bid for the fish.The buyer who bids the highest gets the fish.Peterhead as a port has improved.Boats have stopped landing in Aberdeen because of industrial disputes and because the cost of landing there is greater.Peterhead is now Europe's top White fish port.

PETERHEAD HARBOUR block:GB-412000-843000
In Peterhead there are 2 harbours; North and South. The Breakwaters, which were built by prisoners, help to break the strong force of water from the North Sea. Peterhead is often referred to as the 'Harbour of Refuge'. Around the harbour can be seen many jetties, 2 ice factories and a dry dock for repairing vessels.The new Harbour Office is situated near to the site of the old fish market. The new larger fish market is at the North Harbour. The Coastguard services are based in Keith House near here.The Lifeboat Station is on the outskirts of the South Harbour.There is a large bridge in the harbour which Peterhead people call the 'Queenie'.There is also a new road which was built on reclaimed land.

Peterhead, Aberdeenshire block:GB-412000-846000
Peterhead is a town of contrasts. It is known as the 'Bloo Town' (Blue Town) because it is so cold, but is built of pink granite. The main shopping area contrasts between new concrete buildings and modernised traditional buildings. There is a contrast between the bustle surrounding the very busy harbour and the fact that unemployment in Peterhead is about 13%. There is a contrast between the wealthy, oil-related 'incomers' and the poverty of the locals who are not involved in fishing or oil. There are about TEN different religious denominations amongst the indigenous population of Peterhead. There is contrast between the 'grand' private houses away from the sea and the smaller fishermens houses nearer the sea.

DESCRIPTION OF AREA block:GB-412000-843000
Approaching Peterhead, you will pass Peterhead Power Station. Then you will see Meethill Tower with H.M.Prison and A.S.C.O.Base on the right.The South Road leads past the Lido Beach towards the town centre.You will see the Breakwaters which were built by prisoners to shelter ships.Peterhead's bay is good for fishing and watersports.The good thing about this beach is the cafe on the Lido. The Lifeboat Service in Peterhead gives a very secure feeling to swimmers and sailors.Tucked far behind the houses and to the left of the South Road you will find Clerkhill shopping area. Further South in our area you will find an excellent primary school called Meethill.

RELIGION IN PETERHEAD block:GB-408000-846000
You could say that Peterhead is a fairly religious town with many different denominations represented.A few of the different denominations include The Church of Scotland,Baptist Congregational and Methodist.In the last few years more modern type churches have emerged in Peterhead. 45% said they prefer a modern church , 25% said they prefer a more restrained church. 20% said they didn't know and 10% said they don't prefer either. We asked people in the Town Centre if they were a member of a church and 30% said that they were and 70% said that they were not a member,following that we asked if they attended a church regularly and 15% said yes and 85% said no.During the past decade Peterhead has modernised quickly and there seems to be more churches but less people willing to go to them.

FISHING block:GB-408000-846000
Peterhead is the largest white fish port in Europe.In summer the main type of fish caught are demersal.These feed on the bottom of the sea.These fish are caught by dragging a net along the seabed.The main places where Peterhead fishermen go to fish are the Flugga grounds near Shetland,East_west of the Fair Isle and North_north_west of the Pentland Firth.After five and a half months the boat switches to pelagic gear i.e. for fish that swim near the sea's surface.They then fish for herring for 6_8 weeks.Once this period has passed they start fishing for mackarel at the Minches on the West Coast of Scotland.


FISHING block:GB-412000-843000
Peterhead is the biggest port in Britain. Boats fishing in the North Sea often come in to land their fish.They also use Peterhead as a harbour.Out in the North Sea the boats catch the fish.The Purse Seiner catches herring and mackerel which are pelagic fish.Meanwhile the trawlers catch haddack ,cod and plaice which are all demersal fish.When the fish are landed on deck they are put into boxes,after being gutted, washed then packed into boxes filled with ice to keep them fresh until they reach port.When the fish are landed at the fish market it is quickly sold to fish merchants who sell it to local fish processing factories who can, freeze it or package it,or it is sent all over Britain.

